---
layout: post
lang: en
permalink: /en/fundbook
title: Fundbook
description: 'Fundbook is a next-generation M&A matching service that revolutionizes the current M&A’s market. Fundbook helps investors to find the best deals and company owners find successors with matching corporate philosophy. '
categories: full_remote
link: https://fundbook.co.jp/
---

## Looking for a fully-remote front-end developer

### The Company

Fundbook is a next-generation M&A matching service that revolutionizes the current M&A’s market.
Fundbook helps investors to find the best deals and company owners find successors with matching corporate philosophy.

### The Team

We are a growing multinational team developing a matchmaking platform for the M&A market.
The team communicates mainly in English; Japanese knowledge is not required to apply for this position.
We are all located in Tokyo (Japan) so, most of the synchronous activities happen during working hours in GMT+9.

### Your Role

•  Work collaboratively with User Experience (UX) designers and Engineering team to translate design mock-ups into front-end code.

•  Front-end Development: develop well-written, front-end code for new product features as well as maintain code and fix defects within the existing code base.

•  Follow best-practices and code craftsmanship.

•  Collect feedback from users and build solutions based on this data.

•  Use Storybook to create a collection of reusable UI components in order to maintain brand consistency.

•  Maintain high quality graphic standards.

### Required Skills

•  3+ years in UI design experience (Portfolio is required)

•  Mockup tools - Figma, Sketch, Invision, Prott etc...

•  Mobile-first responsive design

•  Semantic markup (HTML / SVG) and W3C standards

•  CSS preprocessors and Frameworks

•  Familiarity with React and/or willingness to learn.

Please, send your application to: [developers@fundbook.co.jp](mailto:developers+remoteinjapan@fundbook.co.jp)
